hey guys smallkiwi here again with some
more in-depth info on heroes of the
storm last time we took a look at some
of the big differences in gameplay
between heroes and other MOBA games and
today we'll take a look at the maps that
were shown off at Blizzcon and how they
bring a unique style of gameplay to
heroes of the storm wizard showed off
four different maps this year and while
each one had different major objectives
they all shared a few things in common
first all maps contain towns not simply
towers and bases each town appears to be
protected by a wall that allows
friendlies to pass but blocks enemies
plus at least a couple defensive towers
unique to heroes of the storm is the
fact that towers have a supply of
ammunition that can only be resupplied
by heroes coming to the lane when towers
run out of ammunition they can no longer
fire and the lane becomes much easier to
push also common to all the maps shown
were mercenary camps like creep camps
teams are able to fight these for XP
however beating them does not simply
make them disappear mercenary camps can
be captured once they're defeated and
the creeps will then proceed to help
that team push down the lanes the
mercenary camps shown at Blizzcon were
siege Giants which spawn in pairs and
nights which spawn in groups of four the
creeps all seem to feature unique art
styles based on which battleground
they're in maps also have boss monsters
that work similarly to the mercenary
camps but with much more pushing power
fighting for boss monsters or any map
feature it seems often causes a team
fight for control of the objective
what's interesting is that almost all of
these objectives on the map seem to help
teams by directly pushing the lanes
rather than just granting buffs the
exception to this is on the map curse at
holo the major objectives for this map
are tributes which spawn all around the
battleground and can be channeled on to
capture after a team grabs three of
these tributes a large buff is applied
to the successful team with a debuff
applied to the enemy team structures
next we'll take a look at haunted mines
which is artistically similar to curse
at holo but with a vastly different
objective players on this battleground
will fight on a fairly standard two-lane
style map for control of lanes and
objectives however at key points
throughout the game the haunted
mine will open up to both sides at that
point both teams battle it out below
ground in a race to collect skulls from
the mines inhabitants these skulls are
then sacrificed to a massive boss in the
centre of the mines in order to summon a
grave golem that will help push the
lanes each grave golem is more or less
powerful based on the number of skulls
that were sacrificed by the team dragon
Shire is a fantasy themed battleground
that looks reminiscent of Wonderland the
map features a central observation tower
and two altars for teams to fight over
when a team controls both of the altars
a dragon altar near the center of the
map is activated which can transform one
of the players from that team into a
massive powerful Dragon Knight the
Dragon Knight has the ability to fight
heroes and effectively siege structures
so the team that controls him must try
to capitalize on the temporary buff and
push the enemy's lanes
lastly we'll look at my favorite of the
battlegrounds shown Blackhearts Bay this
map features a piratical theme with a
large ship in the center the teams will
fight over throughout the game players
can fight creep camps and destroy
treasure chests to collect the balloons
these gold coins can be turned into
black hearts chests at the center of the
map and after he receives ten coins he
will jump aboard his pirate ship and use
the ship's cannons to lay siege to the
enemy structures after firing multiple
volleys Blackheart will once again
become available to accept doubloons
from either team players carrying
doubloons will become targets of the
enemy team as doubloons can be stolen
after a kill this leads to teamfights in
the center of the map as both forces try
to drop off their coins without being
interrupted or killed by the enemy the
focus on big team objectives in all of
these maps seems to set heroes of the
storm apart from other MOBAs that
feature very few maps or game types
Blizzard has already stated that they
plan to release many more maps
throughout the life of heroes and rotate
maps in and out of the matchmaking pool
let me know in the comments which map or
objective type looks the most
interesting to you and feel free to ask
any questions I might not have answered
already if you liked the video be sure
to hit the like button below and
subscribe to us here at pay to lose and
don't forget to stay tuned to the
channel later this week when I'll be
showing you guys many of the individual
heroes
powers and customization options for pay
to lose gaming my name is smallkiwi
thanks for watching